hey it's me Destin welcome back to
smarter every day so the purpose of this
particular video is to convince you to
click at the end of the video on one
thing that will change a child's life if
you're an evil person and you want to do
bad things to little kids it's a
well-known fact you need to go to
Iquitos Peru it's the largest city in
the world that's inaccessible by land
and because you can only get in and out
of the a boat or airplane it's an
awesome place to do bad things because
the government of Peru has a very low
presence there three years ago my wife
went to check it out she went to work on
an orphanage with some friends of ours
and she came back telling me stories
about these people called the sting boys
okay then why not girls uh then mom gets
knocked up multiple times has these
children
my girls require less food more valuable
at home the boys so the dude leaves oh
yeah and you just pick which one's going
to make it right and so you kick the boy
out right organized-crime abandoned
children start exploiting the kids
getting hooked on drugs and it's special
tourists come to town to take advantage
of the situation yes in a world with
stalkers I have friends who want to be
thinkers and doers they started an
organization called not forgotten and
they bought land in Peru
and they're going to build an orphanage
to break this cycle of abandonment two
years ago my buddy CJ has saved up a
bunch of money and we headed down there
to break ground by building a septic
tank boy this just got real
we hired a Peruvian construction crew
and work for a week by shoveling
concrete and overseeing the engineering
of the project as importante is boom Oh
perfecto for me caca
and that's what you call a CS now I
uploaded the video last year and asked
you to vote on a two day fundraiser
called the project for awesome because
you did this and not forgotten was one
of the top charities voted on we got
$40,000 for the project for awesome and
you gave $10,000 directly to not
forgotten now personally couldn't hit
down there this year but I bet you're
wondering how they spent fifty thousand
dollars in the Peruvian Amazon yeah no
yeah I know great question Destin
actually we're standing here with Fidel
you remember him from the last video
last time we were here
so Fidel do you wish Destin were here no
no hey you think we'd be much more
efficient if you were here helping us no
really
just remember CJ I edit the video and I
get to show people how you sleep when
you're in the jungle
gonna be done pretty quick they're going
to be done right on time
anyway we were there that land was rough
and it needed to be worked so we used
the money to rent equipment and fuel and
begin to shake the land to prepare for
building we installed a power pole we
planted an orchard we got a water
cistern I'll let CJ show you some of the
big stuff that we've built so far all
right so check this out I'm standing on
the brick wall that we're building this
week we got a team of folks down here
this is our project it's gonna roll
along the front side of the perimeter of
the orphanage so remember the last time
we here we had that much smaller pond
that was off to my left now we have a
much larger reservoir and we're standing
on a brand new retention wall that we've
recently put in what we did any of that
before we built anything that we've
recently showed you we had to do one
important thing and that's built a sauna
so the next step is to build the
orphanage buildings themselves the idea
is to make small modular buildings that
will house eight kids each so that we
can actually complete a building as we
get money so there you have we're
building an orphanage in Peru with the
intent of breaking the cycle of
abandonment we want to educate the kids
we want to teach them a trade and we
want to show them what it's like to be a
good father this is the part where I
want your click if you're on board with
this idea I need you to go to the
project for awesome website and go vote
for not forgotten this is only open for
two days and if we're one of the top
charities we're going to build buildings
and get kids off the street we're not
playing here this is the real deal so if
you can go vote for that I would
appreciate it but more importantly if
you would tell your friends to vote if
we're in the top we save a kid's life
we're not going to take the money no
organizational costs straight to Peru if
you're watching this in his past the
voting time I'll leave info below to
tell you if we want or not and also I'll
leave a link over
here for anybody that's interested that
where you can donate directly to not
forgotten and you have my word any money
that's donated there or money that we
get from project for awesome will go
directly to the building and operation
of this orphanage in Peru we will take
no overhead or operational money out of
it
I think PayPal dotes or something like
that anyway I'll leave you with the boys
in Peru saying thank you for the money
given last year can you say thank you in
Spanish you'd have to say that yes there
you go very good anyway I'm Destin get
smarter every day thanks gracias my
name's Austin
thank you project for awesome
you